# PYTHON-REPOSITORY
1)In this repository I have written one python program  weather_reader(which is my first python program) that reads the weather information daily from a website through the json file where the datat is stored in the unstructured format and the common people cannot read the unstructured weather information.It prints it on the mobile screen, digital screen in the railway station,bus stand,colleges,school,airport etc with a text fomat output and this displays the weather information of the entire day as the weathr changes globally with time .
2)In this repository there is my second python program regarding a puzzle game constructed using the pygame module and the game is animated and it is a slide puzzle game.
3)I have implemented a third python program where it takes a DNA configuration file as input and then estimates the corresponding amino acids of the given DNA and then checks whether the amino acid is equivalent to the given DNA or not.
4)I have implemented a fourth python program named image classifier , which can identify wheteher the image given as input is that of a cat or a dog in blurred form. So basically here the principle of Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) is used which is known as a machine learning algorithm for machines to understand the feature of image with a foresight and remember the features to guess to detect the new image feeded to the machine. The libraries of python that is used are:
1. TFlearn 2. tqdm 3.numpy 4.open-cv 5.os 6.random 7. matplot lib 8.tensorflow.
5)Selenium is a powerful tool for controlling web browser through program. It works for all type of web browsers and it also works on all major operating system and it's scripts are written in various languages like Java, Pyhton etc. I have used python here to use selenium for web browser automation. Basically mastering selenium means doing boundless automation in just 15-20 lines of code in python for whether it is a what's app text messaging or googling without even opening the google web browser. The above script that I have written in python with selenium is that of logging into twitter and then trying to find my name handle. First I opened a browser and then created a browser instance and using the .get() connected to the web browser. Then to find any element in the browser I have used the selenium functions click() and send_keys() to interact with the elements. Then finally I have closed the browser. Basically the automation scripts works in an iterative manner. Here I have selected the element and then inspect it and copied the element by the xpath. It can also be done by the css path or by name.
6) I have written another program in python named What'sapp using python where I am basically using the python selenium which is quite a powerfull  tool for browser automation. Here basically  the chromedriver has to be downloaded and then the path has to be set in the program. Then I have replaced the path to my downloaded chromedriver and then went to the website of what'sapp webpage . The I set the target name of the what'sapp group as the what'sapp goup name to which I want to send a message of my own choice. Then I wrote the message and stored it in a temporary variable named string. The the group name is identified by the presence of element ;ocasted and through XPATH.Then the group_title is clicked.Throught the input box the message is send along with the typing the keys as it is imported through the selenium.webdriver.keys module .While typing the message a sleep of 1 unit is set in a for loop. The to verify, the mobile phone is kept in hand and then the What'sapp web is selected in the three dots and then the script is made to run and as a result we see QR code appears in the screen of my what'sapp webpage which I had scanned and as a result the power of python is enjoyed.
7) Sentiment analysis is basically computationally determining whether a peice of writing is ositive,negative or neutral. It is also known as opinion mining of data collection using python database.Here I have used tweepy and python databse to store the emotion level of all type of data and then using tweepy trying to analyze the emotion level of any sentence in twitter.
